bring it on baby
you
why did the moon man put his because he
wanted a honeymoon why does a mom rock
tastes better than an earth rock because
it's a little meteor I don't get it
it's a pun you dumb Gophers geez chill
out dude she'll be coming round the
mountain when she comes she'll be coming
round the mountain when she comes out
kill you Amy she'll be coming round
about she'll be coming round the
mountain she'll be cut
oh dang it okay
ah I got something to tell ya she'll be
riding six white horses when she comes
she'll be riding six white horses when
she comes hey I'm pretty good
beyond the sack mm yeah you used up all
the hot
man it's a total sky for the first time
in a thousand years I feel like I'm home
yeah it's gonna be fun on the bun
you know fry a lot of friends I've had
you're the first ha I find that somewhat
hard to believe
hey we should invite everyone over
tonight we can watch the big wedding on
all my circuits all right but let's call
it a housewarming party so we get gifts
you see killbots have a preset kill
limit knowing their weakness
I said wave after wave of my own men at
them till they reach their limit and
shut down kif show them the medal I won
afterwards the killbots were actually
quite friendly right corpses run love is
all around captain oh I can fix that
you
and over here they're running up the
stairs shut up you fool freeze
it's time to fight fire with fire the
drains clogged that'll be a hundred and
fifty bucks
hurry bender I could if you drop the
stupid gold violin oh sorry yeah hey
don't worry guys
I'll never be too good or too evil again
from now on I'll just be me
uh do you think you could be just a
little less evil than that sure
when robot hell freezes over actually
according to this brochure it freezes
over each year from November to March
shut up fry sorry
why are we going to a man-made beach in
Iowa
yeah you can't swim in the real oceans
anymore
too many whales yes after we finally
stopped hunting them their numbers
swelled as did their appetite for human
flesh ah here we are
monument beach